[18.0][MIG] delivery_package_fee: Migration to 18.0 (#921)
OCA/delivery-carrier: delivery_package_fee/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

Add delivery fees on Sales Orders based on the delivered packages.

A list of Package Fees can be added on shipping methods. When a outgoing

> transfer is done, for each package fee configured on the shipping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of Package Fees can be configured on delivery methods. When a outgoing
transfer is done, for each package fee configured on the delivery
```

> method, a new sale order line is created with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method, a new sales order line is created with:
```
